add feature to execute user-defined command when repair is successfully finished (#753)
cybozu-go/cke: docs/repair.md

When CKE executes the check command, it appends the IP address of the target machine to the command.
The command should return a string `true` if it evaluates the machine as healthy.

> `success_command` and its timeout are used when all of the repair steps are successfully finished.

Reviewer: This description seems misleading.
CKE in this PR will execute `success_command` when it finds that `health_check_command` returns `true`.
* CKE will abort the sequence of the repair steps if the machine gets healthy; not all of the repair steps are executed.
* Even when all of the repair steps finish successfully, the machine may still be unhealthy.

```suggestion
`success_command` and its timeout are used when the machine is evaluated as healthy and the repair operation finishes successfully.
```

When CKE executes the success command, it appends the IP address of the target machine to the command.

> If the repair is failed, the command is not executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the repair operation has failed, the command is not executed.
```
